chore(website): Add abit of info about support tiers (#2624)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/docs/support.md

# Support

> Few levels and channels of support are available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few levels and channels of support are available.
```

> A few levels and channels of support are available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Several levels and channels of support are available.
```

## Community

Community support is free and available to everyone.

> [Join our Discord](https://discord.gg/8qZ7Y4Z) to ask questions and get help from us and the community about CloudQuery.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Join our Discord](https://discord.gg/8qZ7Y4Z) to ask questions and get help from both us and the community.
```

> [Github Issues](https://github.com/cloudquery/cloudquery/issues) for bug reports, feature requests, and/or questions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[GitHub Issues](https://github.com/cloudquery/cloudquery/issues) for bug reports, feature requests, and/or questions.
```

## Enterprise

> If you need an SLA, private communication channel, and/or prioritization of resources, plugins, or issues. Please reach out to us at 'support' at our domain to discuss an enterprise support agreement.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you need an SLA, a private communication channel, and prioritization of resources, plugins, or issues, please reach out to us at `support` at our domain to discuss an enterprise support agreement.
```

Also, maybe write `cloudquery.io` instead of `domain`?
